README.md, before:

## Install binary

### Ubuntu / Linux

```
wget https://github.com/Skywire/magediff/releases/download/1.0.0/ubuntu-latest.tar.gz -P magediff
cd magediff
tar -xvf ubuntu-latest.tar.gz
sudo cp bin/magediff /usr/local/bin
```

### MacOS

```
wget https://github.com/Skywire/magediff/releases/download/1.0.0/ubuntu-latest.tar.gz -P magediff
cd magediff
tar -xvf macos-latest.tar.gz
sudo cp bin/magediff /usr/local/bin
```

## Install from Source

```
git clone https://github.com/Skywire/magediff.git
cd magediff
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

Use composer to install a vanilla copy of the version you are comparing against (previous version)

`composer create-project --repository-url=https://repo.magento.com/ magento/project-community-edition:<version> <directory>`

Run the tool from you Magento project directory with

```
magediff <path to previous version>
```

You will then get a list of files in your app/design where the vendor files have changed between versions.

At this time only Magento core modules are checked.

### Diff and merge

There are 3 diff and merge options, you must have Beyond Compare Installed to use the diff and merge features, additional tools may be added in the future

#### Merge

`magediff -m <path to previous version>`

This will run a 3 way merge between the app/design files, the current version vendor file, and the compare version vendor file

#### Theme Diff

`magediff -dt <path to previous version>`

This will run a diff between the app/design and current version vendor files

#### Vendor Diff

`magediff -dv <path to previous version>`

This will run a diff between the current version and compare version vendor files

### Interactive mode

use `-i` switch to be prompted for a merge action for each file

Commit message:

DD#main: feat: add PHPStorm diff and merge tool

README.md, after:

## Install binary

### Ubuntu / Linux

```
wget https://github.com/Skywire/magediff/releases/download/1.0.0/ubuntu-latest.tar.gz -P magediff
cd magediff
tar -xvf ubuntu-latest.tar.gz
sudo cp bin/magediff /usr/local/bin
```

### MacOS

```
wget https://github.com/Skywire/magediff/releases/download/1.0.0/ubuntu-latest.tar.gz -P magediff
cd magediff
tar -xvf macos-latest.tar.gz
sudo cp bin/magediff /usr/local/bin
```

## Install from Source

```
git clone https://github.com/Skywire/magediff.git
cd magediff
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

Use composer to install a vanilla copy of the version you are comparing against (previous version)

`composer create-project --repository-url=https://repo.magento.com/ magento/project-community-edition:<version> <directory>`

Run the tool from you Magento project directory with

```
magediff <path to previous version>
```

You will then get a list of files in your app/design where the vendor files have changed between versions.

At this time only Magento core modules are checked.

### Diff and merge

There are 3 diff and merge options, you must have either Beyond Compare Pro or PHPStorm installed

If using PHPStorm please create a [CLI launcher with the name phpstorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/phpstorm/working-with-the-ide-features-from-command-line.html#toolbox)  

#### Merge

`magediff -m <path to previous version>`

This will run a 3 way merge between the app/design files, the current version vendor file, and the compare version vendor file

#### Theme Diff

`magediff -dt <path to previous version>`

This will run a diff between the app/design and current version vendor files

#### Vendor Diff

`magediff -dv <path to previous version>`

This will run a diff between the current version and compare version vendor files

### Interactive mode

use `-i` switch to be prompted for a merge action for each file
